1. Who developed Python Programming Language?
:- Guido Van Rossum.

2. Which type of Programming does Python support? 
:- Python is an interpreted programming language, which supports object-oriented, structured, and functional programming.

3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers? 
:- Yes, Python is case sensitive when dealing with identifiers.

4. What is the correct extension of the Python file? 
:- '.py' is the correct extension of the Python file.

5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted? 
:- Python is both compiled as well as an interpreted language, which means when we run a python code, it is first compiled
   and then interpreted line by line.

6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language? 
:- A block is a piece of Python program text that is executed as a unit. The following are blocks: a module, a function body, and
   a class definition. Each command typed interactively is a block.

7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python? 
:- '#' is used to give a single line comment in Python.

8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on? 
:- import sys and then sys.version will give you the python version that we are currently working on.

9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called 
:- "lambda"

10. What does pip stand for python? 
:- pip stands for "preferred installer program".

11. Mention a few built-in functions in python? 
:- input() --> Allowing user input.
   int()   --> Returns an integer number.
   id()   -->  Returns the id of an object.
   map()  -->  Returns the specified iterator with the specified function applied to each item.
   print() --> Prints to the standard output device.

12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python? 
:- An identifier can have a maximum length of 79 characters in Python.

13. What are the benefits of using Python? 
:- 1.Easy to Code.
   2.Free and Open-Source.
   3.Robust Standard Library.
   4.Interpreted.
   5.Portable.
   6.Object-Oriented and Procedure-Oriented.
   7.Extensible.

14. How is memory managed in Python? 
:- Memory in the Python is managed by the Python private Heap space. All Python objects and data structures are located in private heap.
   This private heap is managed by Python interpreter itself. 

15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?
:- 1. Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.
   2. Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.
   3. Clicking on the Environment Variables button o​n the bottom right.
   4. In the System variables section, selecting the Path variable and clicking on Edit.   
      The next screen will show all the directories that are currently a part of the PATH variable.
   5. Clicking on New and entering Python’s install directory.
   6. Python can now be used directly from the command prompt without having to write its location. 
      Try executing the command python --version; it will output the version of Python installed on your system.


16. Is indentation required in python?
:- Yes, indentation is required in Python.

